Welcome, traveller from the West. Are you friend, or foe?
Welcome, #.
I have not forgotten the evil of the Karavali. Their ancestors looted our tombs and murdered our people.
The mountains are filled with jewels, you know.
The wind is fresh here.
The Karavali are our ancient enemies, #. Will you join our cause?
You know, I have heard that a great evil poisons the lands to the west. Bah! Mahadbar is the only land worth worrying about.
The Dwarves are our enemies, as well as the Karavali.
I have hiked up the Choristis mountains, #, but I do not go to the ones in the east. Dwarves live there.
There are more men up north, you know. Have you seen them?
They say that there is a circle of islands like a whirlpool on the western coast. Someday, I will see it.
Never trust the short folk, #.
Long ago, the Karavali came into our lands and murdered our forefathers. But the time is soon coming when we shall have our vengeance!
Namashâr, #! That is how we say welcome in our tongue. It is much more beautiful than the one I speak now.
Have you seen the Northerlings, #? They do not come here as often.
What news do you bring from the West?
Do you bring tales out of the West?
Dwarves sometimes pass through this land, on the road to the Red Mountains.
You have the manner of a Westerling, #.
You are no friend to the Dwarves, are you?
Have you been to Karavali, #? It is an evil place, and I do not go there.
The Men of Paraliakos come here often, to trade goods and stories. I have heard tales of stormy seas, and the cold of the ocean...
I would keep out of the Westlands, #. They are full of barbarians and sorcerers, and wicked forest-spirits, and trees that walk!
Some call us Easterlings, but really they are Westerlings.
Welcome, friend! Tell me, what stories do you bring?
The great scribes of our people etch the stories of our warriors and kings. I will be there, someday. Perhaps you will as well?
The lands of Mahadbar stretch from mountain to mountain! There is no land like ours.
Those Karavali bear the stench of evil, and the Dwarves of greed.
It is good to call you friend, #.
I must say I am glad that the Men of Paraliakos bring their wares here, instead of those Dwarves.
#, will you march with us on the path to justice?
I once made a journey further East. The mountains barred my path, and I returned.
The Karavali are ruthless in war. Our kings and queens fight valiantly and nobly, but the Karavali use every underhanded trick.
How are you today, #? It is hard to eke out a living, but we have prospered.
I will never understand why our kinsfolk in the north choose to live such an odd life.
There are tales of a land named Rohan, where people worship horses. How foolish.
May you die in battle with a blade in your hand, #.
In the West they worship horses, in the North they drink gold... I wonder, are we the only sane people in the world?
Namashâr.
Namashâr, #.
The Gulf-Folk are our good friends, as are the Men of Paraliakos. We fight against the evils in the world.
Do not trust everybody, #.
The folk from the Southwest come to our southern coasts to sell goods. They are good friends, if a little uncivilised.
It is said that the Men of Karavali eat each other. This is known, of course, and there is no doubt in my heart that they do.
May you be well, #.
They say there are even more lands to the West. Filled with something called "kebab". I will try it, someday.
Long ago, we were friends with the Men of Jinzhun. Now...the old paths are broken, and they do not come anymore.